This is the pre-1.0 release testing edition of the Miniature Physics Engine (MPE, v0.9.3-STBL2).

It is a rigid body physics engine designed around simplicity, ease of use, and efficiency.

The core facets of designing this enigne were:
    1: Use the C programming language and the GTK3/4 library as the basis of programming this physics engine.
    2: Unless required for extremely complex tasks such as ray tracing, do not invoke OpenGL or extraneous graphics libraries.
    3: All mathematical compulation components much be programmed from scratch.

As of right now, the engine is still under development, and it is inadvisable to attempt to run using conversion software on Windows.

Engine Mechanics:
    1. Run ./engine to begin running.
    2. Clicking with the left mouse button locks mouse input onto the screen. Esc to detach cursor.
    3. Once inside the engine:
        3A: Shift Key spawns new objects. Hold down for 1.5 seconds to begin spam spawning objects.
        3B: WASD to move the camera and general viewpoint.
        3C: Pressing 0 toggles between Debug Mode and Game Mode, Debug Mode has no borders and more information presented about individual objects.
        3D: Pressing 9 gives the option to save the current state of the object layout, load a previously saved layout, or exit the engine.
        3E: Pressing 8 manipulates how objects are spawned. Prism objects spawning will be added in future versions.
        3F: Right Click a object to select a object.
        3G: Once a object has been selected, press the space bar to exert a impulse/force.
        3H: Once a object has been selected, left click to delete the object.

Known Bugs:
    RTAM-S: Under continuous input, sometimes, the camera viewpoint may be stuck in moving forwards, and pressing S counteracts and stops the movement of the camera.
        - In this particular case, save the current state of the engine, and restart the executable.

Installation Instructions:
    Refer to the installation folder for instruction details on Linux Platforms.

    Installation and conversion methods for MacOS (M-Series) and Microsoft Windows will be added in the future.

    Users may try to install dependencies as is on Intel MacOS, but please note that the only operating system that this has been officially tested on so far is Ubuntu 24.04.4 LTS.


Resource Usage:
    Nominally consumes approximately 106 Megabytes of RAM at 1136 objects spawned.
    (Core Ultra 5 125H, Intel Arc Graphics, 32GB total RAM, Ubuntu 24.04.4 LTS)
    (2880 * 1880 Screen, set to 120 Hz refresh rate (although the engine itself has a inbuilt tick rate of 60 FPS))
